Tell me about your proudest professional achievement.  It can be a personal or school project.  

My proudest professional achievement is successfully delivering a large scale re-write of a legacy application. We were one of the first teams at CSX to use Angular, and I had never worked with it before. It was a big challenge, working with new technologies, especially with a project with a huge scope. I am proud that I was able to step up and learn Angular quickly enough to get the project off to a solid start. I was able to mentor other team members in Angular as well, and became the SME for a large module of the application during the development process. I helped new grads get their workspaces set up, helped them learn the Angular basics, and lead the trailblazing of stories. The project was a huge success, and the business loves the new updated application.

Tell me a about a book, blog, article or GitHub repo you read or liked recently, and why you like it and why you should recommend I do the same. 

I recently read 'The Gift' by Dr. Edith Eger after hearing her speak at Generation X women's conference. Dr Eger is a holocaust survivor, and her book is all about freeing yourself from the internal prisons you put yourself in. She uses her personal experiences, but also makes it clear that even if our experiences aren't at the level of surviving the holocaust, that doesn't make them any less real to us. The book has topics that I believe everyone struggles with, such as self-forgiveness or grief. I don't usually read too many non-fiction books, but I was taking notes and highlighting sections in this one, there was so much advice I could apply to my own life. I reccommend anyone who struggles with any thoughts that feel imprisoning to read this book, because it definitely helped me get a new perspective and steps to work towards bettering myself.

If you were to describe to a 7-year old what Availity does, what would you say? 

When you go to the doctor, it costs money. But how does the doctor know how much money it should cost you? If you get a shot, it will cost different than an x ray. Most people have insurance that determines how much the doctor will cost you, but the doctor can't call the insurance and ask how much an x ray is for every patient that they see, it would take too long. Availity helps the doctor, so they can use the computer and type in 'x ray' and Availity gives the doctor how much the x ray should cost. 
